Describe how to assign module metadata (#337)
redhataccess/pantheon: pantheon-bundle/src/main/resources/SLING-INF/content/docs/modules/proc_assigning-metadata-to-a-module.adoc

[id="assigning-metadata-to-a-module_{context}"]
= Assigning metadata to a module

Assign metadata to a module for search engine optimization (SEO). SEO improves the findability of modules.

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in.
* The module to be assigned metadata has been imported to {ProductShortName}.

.Procedure

. Navigate to link:{LinkToSearchPage}[Search page].

. Click the name of the module you want to assign metadata.
+
If you do not see the module listed, search for the modules using the search box.

> . In the list of module versions, click the three vertical dots next to the version of the module you want to assign metadata.

Reviewer: There was a lot of discussion on the style council about this after I asked the question. Bottom line, as of now, there's no standard, but you should include an image of the icon, and for now refer to it as a vertical ellipsis.

. Click *Edit metadata* to assign the following metadata: 
+

> * *Product Name* - Select the Product and its Version that the module should be published for.

Reviewer: "Product" -> "product"
"Version" -> "version"

Unless you are referring to the UI. But you should refer to a UI element or a command as an element, not as a word or term in a sentence.

```suggestion
* *Product Name* - Select the product and product version for the module.
```

* *Document use case* - Select the verb that best describes the use case for the module.

> * *Vanity URL fragment* - Enter a URL for the module. This is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Vanity URL fragment* - (Optional) Enter a URL for the module.
```

> * *Search keywords* - Enter the words that, when searched by users, should bring up the module in the user's search. This is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Search keywords* - (Optional) Enter any words or terms that users might use when searching for this content.
```
It's important to make it clear at the beginning that the item is optional, and as concisely as possible.
Also, when we're referring to content users (not authors) as users, then I think it's helpful to avoid using our internal term "module". But considering that we're writing for authors, you can throw that comment in the trash.

. Click *Save*.

> Metadata for the module is now assigned.

Reviewer: You can get rid of the passive voice here:
> The module now includes metadata.
